You look like a fossil.
Huh?
With your newspaper and reading glasses.
Is that gramps territory?
In this day and age, you can get
newspapers on your phone.
Switch to a smartphone already.
See?
A smartphone, huh?
You have to use OINE.
It's messed up that you can't.
Plus, you can check the papers
and the latest news.
But my phone still works fine.
Huh?
So good.
Wait, what?
That's weird. The screen won't turn on.
What?
I need to get this repaired.
Don't be silly. Nobody these days
can repair that ancient artifact.
Just give up and go buy a smartphone.
So yum!
So I went and got a smartphone,
but this is all new to me.
Wait, you can read papers on this.
How do I do it?
Guess I'll give it a try.
Nope, I don't have the courage.
Huh?
Wait, what?
What is this screen?
How do I get back to the previous screen?
Teach you how to use a smartphone?
I didn't even know you
were still on a flip phone.
Oh, yeah.
That's so you.
So me?
Please, Tayama-sensei!
Sure, I'll teach you.
Really? Thanks!
So, what are you having trouble with?
Well...
Embarrassing as it is to admit,
I don't even know the basic controls.
Tayama-san?
Basic controls, right.
Okay, I'll teach you the stuff
that'll come in handy for you.
Please do.
Let's start with the very basics.
I'm sure even you know how to get back
to the home screen, so let's skip that.
Actually, I'd appreciate it
if you could teach me that, too.
Smartphones have swipe inputs.
Touch the button onscreen and then
fwip to the character you want to input.
Fwip? Okay.
Let's do "ko."
Fwip...
Wait, no!
That's not what I wanted to do!
Wanna try a different input method?
Yes, please.
Oh, right. I'd like to try reading
the newspaper on my phone.
Yeah, you can.
Really?
First, you need to open the app store
to install the newspaper's app.
You can probably find it
on the home screen.
But you'll need to create
an account to use it.
And once you do, you log in,
and then you install the newspaper's app.
You'll need to create
an account for that, too.
Never mind. I'll install it for you.
Sorry, and thank you.
You're the best, Tayama-san. I can
probably use this like my old phone now.
You'll just have to
get used to it as you go.
And sorry, but could I ask you
for one more thing?
Mm?
Would it to be possible
to increase the font size?
Wha...
Huh?
How'd you know that's a thing when
you're clueless about smartphones?
I mean, I could do that
on my flip phone, too.
I-Is there a problem?
Well...
Maybe it's a huge pain
to change that setting?
I don't mind doing that for you...
But you'd better not stop wearing those.
Got it.
Gimme. I'll change the setting.
Oh, yeah, Sasaki-san.
To celebrate your smartphone debut,
how's about I give you
Yamada-san's number?
No, no! No, thank you!
Don't do it, Tayama-san.
That's an invasion of privacy. Also...
It's Yamada-san, of all people!
Too late.
I already added it.
How could you...
Tayama-san?
Anyway, I was just kidding.
D'oh!
Okay, all done.
Tayama-san!
Here. Much easier to read now.
Oh, thanks.
Wait, no!
Gosh, how scary.
Hey there, Yamada-chan.
What's up?
Okay, what have we got today?
He had no idea I took a shot.
All right. Time to put another shift in.